MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Proyecto Fotosíntesis

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

DISCLAIMER AND MEDICAL NOTICE:

This software is provided for informational and educational purposes only. 
The Fotosíntesis application is not intended to be a substitute for professional 
medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. The calculations and recommendations 
provided by this software should not be considered as medical advice.

Users should always seek the advice of a qualified healthcare provider with 
any questions regarding their health, vitamin D levels, sun exposure, or any 
medical condition. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in 
seeking it because of information provided by this software.

The developers and contributors of this project disclaim any responsibility 
for any adverse effects or consequences resulting from the use of the 
information or calculations provided by this software. Users assume full 
responsibility for their health decisions and sun exposure practices.

Sun exposure carries inherent risks including but not limited to skin damage, 
premature aging, and skin cancer. Users should practice safe sun exposure 
habits and consult with dermatologists or healthcare professionals for 
personalized advice.
